Why should I buy this bike: The bike just above the single speed MY BIKE in series has 7-gears. The gears help when cycling up hill or to go faster on flat surfaces. The rigid steel frame gives good stability to the bike and is durable.

Advantages of a gear Bike over a single speed bike: It is easier to conquer an uphill or an oncoming flyover on a bike with gear. On the single speed bike, the effort you will need to put in will be a lot more with a lower frequency of pedalling. Whereas, on a geared bike the effort will reduce on lower gear however the frequency of pedalling will increase.

Why should I choose a Btwin bike: All Btwin bikes are tested by a team of Btwin cyclists. All observations are noted and worked on to improve the bicycle. This helps our customers get the best cycling experience. All your spares are under one roof and our workshop team will take complete care of your bicycle.  

Brakes: Helical spring V-brakes.

Wide brake pads provide a powerful and progressive braking system. The pads work on wet and dry conditions with the same efficiency. The breaking system comes with 2-finger aluminium levers which help apply brakes with very little stress on the hands. The break levers are also lowered down in angle in order to have the correct hand position while applying the brakes.  

Tyres: Semi-slick 26 x 2.0 tyres. The Bike rests on Ralson tyres which is one of the best for city and country riding conditions. The tyres have buttons which offer amazing grip on dry as well as wet conditions.

Wheels: 36 hole aluminium rims. The aluminium wheels reduce weight and are also completely rust proof. The wheels are carefully designed so that when fully inflated it prevents entry of water into the tyre.    

Transmission: 1 x 7 speed. Shimano rear dérailleur. The bike is equipped with a 7 speed transmission system. Where there is an uphill you lower your gear to 1,2,3 or 4. On flat surfaces, we should be on 3,4,5,or6.On down slopes or to hit the top speed we use the 5,6,7th gear 

Shifters: Grip shifters offer more comfort while changing gears compared to thumb shifters.

Pedal: VP flat pedalsbhave ridges offering better grip when the soul of the shoe is wet or flat. The face of the pedal is broad which makes it comfortable to pedal. The pedals have reflectors which increase visibility. 

Saddle: PU MTB saddle. Sports saddle offering good cushioning. The saddle can be made more comfortable for long rides by having the gel seat cover installed over it. The gel seat cover also acts as a protective membrane over the saddle. It can also be combined with padded shorts for user comfort.  

Fork: Rigid steel fork. The bike has a rigid steel fork which is covered under lifetime warranty. The front fork is angled away from the top tube which is a good frame geometry for leisure biking.

Brakes: Helical spring V-brakes. Wide brake pads provide powerful and progressive braking system. The pads work on wet and dry conditions. 2 figured lever reduces stress on the hands. Thebreakleversarealso lowered down in angle to have the correct hand position while applying the brakes.     

Handlebars: 580mm steel handlebars. The U-shaped handlebars  provide the right riding position for the cyclist. The handlebars are 63cm in length which makes it easy to control the bike. Steel paw headset system allows for better strength and stability in the event of a frontal impact.

Easy to use: Semi-raised riding position.

Easy transport: It comes with a quick release system for the front wheel and the seat. The system helps remove the front wheel or adjust the seat height by just pulling one lever.   

Weight: 15.4 KG