Age Range : Adult

Gender : Male

Drive Train : New generation Shimano Acera levers front derailleur and rear derailleur: straight quick and effective shifting. Widely recognised reliable components. Non continuous cabling for better weight and precision for precise speed changing. Derailleur levers directly built into the brake levers for better weight and good integration of all parts on the handlebars. 

Bottom bracket / Cassette : Suntour XCT triple chainwheel crankset 22x32x42 tooth: solid and reliable. 9 speed Sram ESP 5.0 cassette 11 x 34. Sram chain with quick-release. 

Easy to use : Suspension stiffness can be adjusted without tools: ready in 2 minutes! 

Weight : 16Kg 

Handle bar : Oversize 640mm diameter Rockrider Sport aluminium handlebar for better rigidity and stability on descents. Rockrider forged aluminium oversize diameter stem for more rigidity. The components are marked to help you find the best setting. Semi-integrated A-headset for better watertightness precision and a built-in look. Rockrider mono-density grips length: 120mm. 

Tyres : Front and rear KENDA Nevegal 26x2.10 rigid bead tyre known for its versatility: behaves well on all types of surface whatever the weather (dry or wet) thanks to its deep and well distributed tread and its soft "Stick-E" rubber which provides good grip. Tyres with inner tube. 

Care Instructions : We recommend reading and following the maintenance instructions found in the manual that comes with your Rockrider bike. The maintenance instructions and component settings are available on www.btwin.com. The safety visit (3 months after purchase) at your local store's workshop is FREE and RECOMMENDED. 

Cushioning : Rockrider 120mm fork with lockout 120mm shock: great comfort! 

Anatomic design : Optimal "off-road" ergonomics: no more back and neck pain! 

Accuracy : Shimano 27 speeds. Versatile KENDA Nevegal Stick-E tyres. 

Restriction of use : Not designed for: BMX Dirt Freeride and Descen 

Frame : New oversize aluminium 6061 S.I.X frame 15% tougher and lighter than the previous version. 120 mm rear travel based on the famous "monopivot" system which offers great sensitivity to small bumps and remains sturdy under large impacts. System mounted on sealed bearings for good durability. Comfortable geometry and effective steering. Caster angle at 69 degree for more stability. Weight= 2.7kg in size M without shocks. 

Brakes : Hayes MX5 mechanical disc brakes offer a biting brake that is easy to control. Easy maintenance and adjustment. 160mm front and rear disc. "Postmount" front and rear calliper screwed directly onto the frame/fork: to reduce weight and make adjustment easier. 

Suspension : Rockrider 120mm fork with adjustable preload (stiffness of inner coil) on the left leg: simple to adjust and easy maintenance. Wide dampers (32mm) for more rigidity. Lockout lever on the right leg to avoid bobbing on rolling ground (road smooth path etc.). Hydraulic coil shock with shock stiffness adjuster. Can be adjusted by hand at any time without tools. 

Saddle : Rockrider 29.8 mm diameter seat post length: 350mm. New Rockrider by Selle Royal saddle: injected polyurethane with ventilation and anti-tear coating on the sides. Quick saddle fitting adjustable without tools. 

Wheels : Rockrider Sport wheels with 32 hole double-walled aluminium rims: guaranteed shock and warp resistance and lightweight! Aluminium hub compatible with disc brakes only. 

Pedal : Wellgo platform pedals with strapless toe-clips for good foot support and the ability to remove your foot quickly should you lose balance. 

Guarantee : 2 Years