Age Range : Adult

Weight : 14.45 kg in size S. 

Lightweight : Lightweight and reinforced aluminium frame; double-walled aluminium rims. 

Accuracy : 27-speed SRAM X5 chainset. Mechanical disc brakes. 

Easy to use : Frame is compatible with a pannier rack and/or disc brakes. 

Drive Train : 9-speed SRAM X-5 shifters; Sram X-5 front derailleur; SRAM X-5 rear derailleur; SRAM PC951 chain. 

Easy assemble : This cycle comes 95% assembled = you only have to straighten the handlebar attach the pedals and fix the brakes. 

Brakes : HAYES MX5 mechanical disc brakes. Effective and powerful braking even in difficult terrain such as mud. 

Handle bar : Oversize 600mm Rockrider Handlebar by JD; Rockrider 6 degree oversize stem by JD. Aheadset VP A71 headset: Raised wide handlebars help you stay in control in all situations. 

Saddle : Rockrider by JD seat post new Rockrider Sport saddle. 

Disclaimer : The bike is exclusive of accessories such as the stand front and rear lights mudguards and bell.It does not come with an allen key and spanner. It is recommended that they be purchased to initially assemble the bike and then for regular maintenance of the bike. 

Pedal : Wellgo platform pedals. 

Tyres : New kenda tyre. 

Wheels : RIGIDA SPHINX 32-hole rims Formula disk ready DC19/DC22 hubs; Mach1 2 mm stainless steel spokes with sealed bearing hubs and disc brake-ready. Double-walled rims are extra solid. 

Frame : T4T6 6061 aluminium; 1.90 kg in size L; sloping; reinforced tubes: light and responsive sports frame. Sloping: inclined top tube for superior handling and stiffness. Same geometry as the series 8 bikes. Can be fitted with a pannier rack. 

Suspension : Rockrider XCR 100mm lockout fork by SR Suntour. Pre-stress and lockout adjustment. 100mm travel magnesium shafts. The damper finish ensures long lifetime. 

Guarantee : All BTwin products carry a 2 year Quality Guarantee under normal recommended use (unless indicated otherwise). If there is a manufacturing defect in the frame within the span of 5 years or 2 years on non-wearable parts from the date of purchase we will replace the product.This Guarantee does not preclude any legal warranties governing hidden defects. 

Guarantee : 5 Years