Age: Junior

Why do I buy this bike: A simple bike for kids to get out there and have fun. Lowered frame geometry makes getting on and of the bicycle easy. Soft, sport saddle. 2 fingered braking system with powerful V- brakes. Attractive green colour giving it a sporty look. Aluminium rust proof wheels.

Frame: Steel frame. Advantages of steel frames: The biggest advantage of the steel frame is the durability and rigidity it brings to your cycle. It has the ability to absorb shocks and vibrations constantly for years and still maintain its rigidity without collapsing.

Fork: Rigid steel fork. The bike has a rigid steel fork which is covered under lifetime warranty. The front fork is angled away from the top tube which is a good to absorb shocks.

Brakes: Helical spring V-brakes. Wide brake pads provide powerful and progressive braking system. The pads work on wet and dry conditions. 2 figure lever reduces stress on the hands. The brake levers are also lowered down in angle to have the correct hand position while applying the brakes.

Handlebars: 580mm steel handlebars. The U-shaped handlebars provide the right riding position for the cyclist. The wide handlebars make it easy to control the bike. Steel paw headset system allows for better strength and stability in the event of a frontal impact.

Tyres and wheels: Wide brake pads provide a powerful and progressive braking system. The pads work on wet and dry conditions with the same efficiency. The breaking system comes with 2-finger aluminium levers which helps apply brakes with very little stress on the hands. The break leavers are also lowered down in angle in order to have the correct hand position while applying the brakes.

Transmission: Single speed.

Restriction of use: Not designed for mountain biking on steep downhill trails.

Disclaimer: The bike is exclusive of accessories such as the stand, front/rear lights, mudguards and bell. It does not come with an Allen key set or a spanner. The Bike, when received by an online customer is 90% assembled. It is recommended that they purchase the tools required ( Allen key set and a spanner to fix the pedals) to initially assemble the bike and then for regular maintenance of the bike. Certain components/graphics may not be the same as what is seen in the video. 

 