Why should I buy this bike: The experience of cycling on a road bike is completely different compared to an MTB. The sleek wheels reduce road friction which in turn gives you a smooth ride. The bike is performance oriented and fast. The micro shift shifters have top notch performance on tarmac surfaces.  A good entry level road bike for its price. 

Why should I choose a Btwin bike: All Btwin bikes are tested by a team of Btwin cyclists. All observations are reported, researched and worked on to improve the bicycle.This helps our customers get the best cycling experience. All your spares are under one roof and our workshop team will take complete care of your bicycle. 

Frame: Aluminium frame is heat-treated to increase responsiveness. A sloping frame design, with integrated headset socket.

The sport frame geometry with good aerodynamics. The frame alone weighs 1.9 kg in size 57.

Fork: Curved aluminium fork.

The curved design helps filters road vibrations and keeps the bike very secure on impact. The fork alone weights 900g.

Wheels: Double-walled aluminium wheels with reinforced eyelets, 32 stainless spokes, front & rear quick release.

The double-walled rims prevent the Spokes from damaging the inner tube during hard impacts on the ground. The doubled wall rims also add to the strength and durability of the wheels.  The Front and rear quick release system helps you remove the wheels conveniently, which in turn makes it easy to transport the bike.  

Care Instructions: Do not pressure clean. The chain and drive train should be protected by a film of oil in order to work effectively.

Pedal: Platform pedals with toe-clips.

The clips on the pedal help you pedal in both downward and upward motion. This helps you in overstraining only one muscle wile taking on steep uphills. 

Tyres: Hutchinson Equinox / Kenda tyres.

An excellent tyre for fast-paced training rides. Weighing 290 grams, it is equipped with steel beads, bi-material rubber, and a tread that is harder than the sides mounted on a 66 TPI body.

Brakes: B'TWIN double brake pivot with pads mounted on brake shoes to facilitate replacement when worn down, without modifying the position of the brakes.

Saddle: Btwin aluminium seat post, adjusted with Allen key, ergonomic Btwin saddle that is comfortable even on long rides.

Handle bar: B'TWIN oversize compact handlebar.

The long length of the handle bar makes it easy to control the bike in sharp turns and also manure in cramped traffic.

Stem: Size Length 45 70 mm 48, 51 80 mm 54, 57 100 mm 60 110 mm 63 130 mm   Handlebar: Size Axle-axle width 45 380 mm 48, 51 400 mm 54, 57 420 mm 60, 63 440 mm .

Drive Train:8-speed MICROSHIFT lever.

Very precise, very quick and robust design. Very comfortable ergonomics, levers feel comfortable in all types of hands. Very precise front and rear MICROSHIFT derailleur, enabling amazingly-smooth chain crossovers.

Stock Advice: Keep tyres at a pressure of 5 bars to prevent them from becoming warped when stored long term.

Air pressure: 120psi (All road bikes needs such high pressures for optimal tyre performance.)

Disclaimer: The bike is exclusive of accessories such as the stand front and rear lights mudguards and bell.It does not come with an Allen key and spanner. It is recommended that they are purchased to initially assemble the bike and then for regular maintenance of the bike. Certain components/graphics may not be the same as what is seen in the video.

Guarantee: All BTwin products carry a 2 year Quality Guarantee under normal recommended use (unless indicated otherwise).This does not include parts sublet to wear and tear, damage caused by negligent use of the product, or by use in a manner for which the product was not intended.