Age Range : Adult

Gender : Male

Visibility : Front and rear dynamo lights: Permanent lighting. 

Optimised posture : Adjustable and orientable handlebar and stem for a comfortable riding position. 

Saddle : Royal saddle: Comfortable saddle. One-piece aluminium construction seat post. 

Handle bar : Comfortable ergonomic grips. Semi-raised pulled back aluminium handlebar adjustable aluminium stem (the stem can be adjusted to make your position on the bike more comfortable). Riding position has been studied for optimum control. 

Drive Train : 24-speed drive train Shimano shifters Acera rear derailleur Shimano front derailleur aluminium cranks steel chainwheels. 24-speed Shimano drive train means you can attack all gradients and it have a smooth ride. 

Tyres : The all-round tyres are suitable for all terrains in the city and the reflectors increase side-on visibility at night. 

Accessories : Shimano dynamo hub light; Halogen front light; LED rear light; remains powered for 4 minutes when bike is stationary. The dynamo hub light is silent and does not cause rubbing; When stationarry the rear light stays on meaning cyclists have increased night visibility; solid mudguards offer protection from splashing; Trekking pannier rack with maximum load weight 25 kg. 

Restriction of use : Not designed for mountain biking. 

Handling : The shape of the handlebars makes this bike easy to handle in all situations. 

Frame : The 6061 aluminium frame is light solid and user-friendly. Stiff Hi ten steel fork. Steel provides comfort and solidity. 

Wheels : 28 inch aluminium double-walled rims. Galvanised steel spokes. Shimano aluminium hubs. Double-walled aluminium rims for more solidity. 

Composition : 6061 aluminium frame. 

Brakes : Aluminium levers built into the Shimano shifters. Aluminium V-brakes. A reliable and progressive braking system. 

Easy rolling : Tyres suitable for sports use. 24 gears. 

User comfort : Comfort gel saddle and comfortable grips for your urban journeys. 

Lift : Aluminium pannier rack suitable for bags. 

Warranty : 5 Years