Age Range : Adult

Gender : Male

Weight : 8.9 kg in size 57 with pedals. 

Wheels : 700.Shimano RS 10. 

Tyres : Btwin FRC 700x23. 

Pedal : Wellgo W 40 clipless. 

Handle bar : Btwin compact alu oversize. 

Stem : Btwin alu oversize. 

Head Set : cartridge bearings. 

Chainset : Shimano 105 triple 50x39x30.Chain:KMC X 10. 

Fork : composite sleeves and pivot. Aluminium hangers. 

Derailleur : Rear :Shimano 105 long cage.Front:Shimano 105 triple. 

Rigidity : Oversized frame geometry for fully transferring power. 

Disclaimer : The bike is exclusive of accessories such as the stand front and rear lights mudguards and bell.It does not come with an allen key and spanner. It is recommended that they be purchased to initially assemble the bike and then for regular maintenance of the bike. 

Efficiency : Shimano 105 triple chainring for dealing with all types of slopes. 

Transmission : Compact geometry combining comfort and acceleration. 

Accuracy : Oversized front triangle for descending mountain passes in full confidence. 

Frame : composite FC type with rear aluminium dropouts. Design is product of several of partnership with pro cycling teams. 

Compatible Inner Tubes : Search with model code: 3314583 

Composition : UD500 fibre composite FC700 frame is product of competitive racing experience. It is all-purppose and enables all cyclist to enjoy themselves. Steady riders climbers it's the perfect partner for cycling athlete and competitors of all builds. 8 years experience at the highest level have enabled to design a frame tried and tested on all surfaces and slopes. Its integrated seatpost reinforces sturdiness of rear triangle steerer tube is sturdy and makes rider feel safer on descents. T700 fibre corretly absorbs road uneveness. 

Care Instructions : Clean very regularly with suitable products available in our department store for bike maintenance. Part of this bike is made up of composite materials. These materials are very lightweight and therefore VERY fragile. You must handle this bike with care. Do not place anything on the bike (example: inside car boot). In the event of a fall do not ride it before having it checked by a competent technician. 

Guarantee : 5 Years