Why should I buy this bike: The experience of cycling on a road bike is completely different compared to an MTB. The sleek wheels reduce road friction which in-turn gives you an absolutely smooth ride. The speeds you can reach on a road bike is just brilliant. On a flat surface, considering only muscle power, you can touch 60kms/hr on this bike. The Shimano SORA shifters have top-notch performance on tarmac surfaces. The carbon forks make the bike lighter.

Why should I choose a Btwin bike: All Btwin bikes are tested in very extreme conditions in different geological location all over the world by a team of Btwin expert cyclists. Any issues or minute discomforts are reported, researched and worked upon so that our customers get the best cycling experience. Btwin bikes are equipped with the best reflectors which increases the visibility of the bike in low light conditions. Btwin which is a cycling brand of decathlon has the best workshop services. All your spare parts, cycling accessories and cycling wear available under one roof.  

Frame: 6061-T6 aluminium, sloping, with integrated headset. Short frame geometry, 1900 g in size 57, robust frame, available in 5 sizes for users from 1.60 m to 2.00 m tall

Fork/suspension: carbon blade, aluminium pivot, 1"1/8 a headset; combines strength, low weight and precision.

Drivetrain: Shimano SORA triple, precise and ergonomic, very smooth gear shifting.

Brakes: Btwin brakes powerful thanks to forged aluminium arms

Chainset / Cassette: Shimano SORA 50/39/30 triple chainset, 9-speed 12/25 cassette, SUNRACE 9 speed 12x25.

Handlebars / stem / steering: B’TWIN Sport oversize compact handlebars and stem, Ahead set 1"1/8 headset

Wheels: B'Twin double-walled aluminium with reinforcement rings, 32 rustproof spokes, front rear quick release

Tyres: Kenda Tyres — an excellent tyre for fast-paced training rides. Weighing 290grams, it is equipped with steel beads, bi-material rubber, and a tread that is harder than the sides mounted on a 66 TPI body.

Saddle / seat post: B'Twin aluminium seat post, one Allen screw adjustment and a very comfortable Selle Royale saddle that is great for long rides. Pedals: pedals with resin toe-clips

Miscellaneous: Weighs 10.4 kg in size 57 including pedals

Guarantee : All BTwin products carry a 2 year Quality Guarantee under normal recommended use (unless indicated otherwise).This does not include parts sublet to wear and tear, damage caused by negligent use of the product, or by use in a manner for which the product was not intended.