Age:Adult

Gender:Male

Tyres:Hutchinson Toro 26x2.15 Hardskin (570 gr) front and rear tyres with inner tube. Lightweight and resistant tyres. HARDSKIN reinforcement for better resistance to rips and cuts. More open knobby tread at the sides for grip that is second-to-none. Low-profile knobby tread for optimum performance and shedding mud more easily.

Lightweight:Light and stiff Mavic Cross Ride wheels. Lighter fork, drive train, brakes.

Handle bar:680 mm Rockrider oversize handlebar in aluminium: lightness, rigidity and stability guaranteed. Oversize Rockrider stem in 6061 aluminium, 90mm long (M) and 110mm (L and XL) that adapts well to different body shapes. Built-in 1 1/8" Rockrider headset, with sealed bearings. Rockrider "lock-on" grips for added comfort and an improved handhold on the handlebar.

Drive Train:Sram "3x10 speed" drive train: these precise, lightweight and comfortable 30 speeds will let you go anywhere, especially up the steepest, roughest hills. Sram GXP bottom bracket, Sram S1000 44x33x22 double crankset, Sram X9 "Direct Mount" front derailleur for lightweight and easy mounting, Sram X9 rear derailleur, Sram X7 gear shifter provides quick and smooth gear changes, Sram 1030 11x36-speed open cassette, Sram 1031 chain.

Anatomic design:All Mountain frame geometry made for 1.65m to 1.95m riders.

Accuracy:SRAM X9 drive train, Mavic wheels, Elixir 3 brake: just the right precision!

Cushioning:RockShox Sektor 130mm fork & X-Fusion RLX shock absorber with 3 settings.

Frame:New 6061 aluminium frame with N.E.U.F. anti-bobbing single pivot suspension, providing 120mm of travel at the rear wheel: the perfect combination of performance, comfort, shock absorption and downhill directional control. Frame compatible with 3x10 speed, with new direct mount front derailleur attachment system: makes for a mounting that is more lightweight and simple. New "Post Mount" attachment of the rear brake directly on the frame for a lighter mounting.

Restriction of use:Not designed for BMX, Dirt, Freeride and Downhill use.

Care Instructions:We recommended reading and following the maintenance instructions provided with your Rockrider bike. The maintenance instructions and component settings are available on www.btwin.com. The safety visit (3 months after purchase) at your local store's workshop is FREE and RECOMMENDED.

Brakes:Avid Elixir brake, with a 180 mm disc at the front for extra power! Avid Elixir 3 hydraulic brakes, known for their braking power and reliability. 180 mm front disc to clear the steepest and longest downhill rides (greater power and heat dissipation). 160 mm front disc for optimised weight. "Post mount" front and rear callipers to save weight and facilitate mounting.

Suspension:Rock Shox Sektor RL fork, 130 mm of travel, providing incredible sensitivity to small shocks. Handlebar lockout, easy and safe to use. X-Fusion RLX shocks, specifically adjusted for this frame, equipped with 3-position lever: the "full open" position is used for rough uphill and technical downhill (power and adaptability) rides; the other 2 positions make the bike firmer, which is useful for smoother routes: road, 4x4 trails.

Pedal:Shimano M520, SPD-type clipless pedals, acknowledged for their smooth motion and reliability. Good for use in dry as well as muddy conditions.

Wheels:Mavic CrossRide double-walled aluminium rims with sealed bearings: in addition to being lightweight and reliable, these rims will give you incredible propulsion when accelerating and in technical areas.

Saddle:Ultra-light Rockrider saddle with a non-slip coating, aluminium Rockrider seatpost, 350mm-long providing a large range of possible settings and a diameter of 29.8mm.

Guarantee:5 Years