Age:Adult

Gender:Male

Fork:Hydraulic Rockrider fork with 120mm of travel, with magnesium blade for lighter weight, with lockout at the top of the right damper for rolling terrain, and with easy adjustment of the pre-load (fork hardness) at the top of the left damper. A fork which has already proved itself.

Suspension:X-Fusion E1 air shocks, lightweight, specifically adapted to the S.I.X. frame, easily adjustable to the rider's weight thanks to the schrader valve: a great balance between sensitivity and performance.

Brakes:Tektro hydraulic disc brakes: powerful, progressive, robust.

Saddle:Rockrider by Velo bi-material saddle with a sporty look. Comfortable, narrow saddle to avoid thigh chafing.

Wheels:Rockrider Sport wheels, with 32 hole double-walled aluminium rims: guaranteed shock and warp resistance, and lightweight! Aluminium hub compatible with disc brakes only.

Restriction of use:Not designed for: BMX, Dirt, Freeride and Descent.

Frame:New 6061 aluminium oversize S.I.X frame with 120 mm rear wheel travel, based on a monopivot suspension system offering high sensitivity to small shocks but also gives the bike sturdy resistance to strong impacts. Weight= 2.7kg in size M, without shocks.

Care Instructions:We recommended reading and following the maintenance instructions provided with your Rockrider bike. The maintenance instructions and component settings are available on www.btwin.com. The safety visit (3 months after purchase) at your local store's workshop is FREE and RECOMMENDED.

Cushioning:120mm fork with lockout & 120mm hydraulic air shock, for precision adjustment!.

Accuracy:Precision suspension adjustable according to your weight. 27-speed SRAM X5.

Lightweight:Air shocks: lighter and more precise. Lighter drive train. 14.9 kg in M.

Stem:Rockrider forged aluminium oversize diameter stem for more rigidity, with a 6º "backsweep" angle. The components are marked to help you find the best setting.

Handle bar:Oversize 640mm diameter Rockrider Sport aluminium handlebar, for better rigidity and stability on descents.

Tyres:Front and rear KENDA Nevegal 26x2.10 rigid bead tyre, known for its versatility: it behaves well on all types of surface, whatever the weather (dry or wet), thanks to its deep and well distributed tread, and its "Stick-E" rubber which provides good grip. Tyres with inner tube.

Drive Train:Shimano Tourney front derailleur, Sram X5 rear shifter and derailleur: very good combination in terms of comfort of use, speed of gear changes, and reliability. Thanks to its 27 speeds and its quick gear changes, it is easy to find the right gear for each new type of terrain.Bottom bracket Suntour XCT triple chain wheels, 22/32/42 teeth. 9 speed Sram ESP 5.0 cassette, 11 x 34. Sram chain with quick-release.

Stock Advice:Store in a cool, dry place, away from corrosive products and salty air.

Guarantee:10 Years
