Age Range : Adult

Lightweight : Unidirectional high module carbon frame. 1150 g in size M. 

Cushioning : Rock Shox Recon Gold TK 100 mm Poc Lock on handlebar. 1776 g. 

Accuracy : Sram X-7 10 speed drivetrain. Sram S1000 3.3 two piece bottom bracket. 

Disclaimer : The bike is exclusive of accessories such as the stand front and rear lights mudguards and bell.It does not come with an allen key and spanner. It is recommended that they be purchased to initially assemble the bike and then for regular maintenance of the bike. 

Pedal : VP clipless pedals. 

Saddle : B'twin alu 31.6 mm seat post; B'twin Titane saddle: comfort and lightweight in one. 

Wheels : B'Twin comp. 2.150 g. 19 mm aluminium rims aluminium hubs with sealed bearings. 2 mm stainless steel spokes. Very solid wheels for all types of terrain and for all riders. 

Handle bar : B'twin XC oversize handlebar; B'twin XC oversize 6 degree stem; Integrated headset with Cane Creek sealed bearings. The oversize stem and handlebar offer more rigidity and weight. 

Transmission : SRAM X-7 precise reliable and lightweight shifters. SRAM X-7 front and rear derailleur GXP bottom bracket with new sealed bearings that ensure durability. 

Bottom bracket / Cassette : Sram S1000 3.3 bottom bracket 22x33x44. K7 SRAM PG 1050 11x36 10 speeds. 

Tyres : Hutchinson Cobra 26x2.0 HARDSKIN standard tube tyre (580 g). Lightweight tyres offering a good compromise between speed and traction. Smaller studs to optimise drive on dry terrain. Studs low on the tread for optimum performance. High side studs: provide excellent grip on slopes and make it easier to get out of ruts. 

Brakes : Avid Elixir 3 160mm hydraulic brakes. Very powerful brakes that are also easy to dose. Technology: Deep Stroke Modulation™. Enables superb brake modulation letting you control the power of these brakes at all times and with complete delicacy. Power Reserve Geometry. Power Reserve Geometry reduces the interior travel of the lever and creates an arch which naturally fits your fingers thus enabling you to brake with more power and less effort. 

Frame : New uni-directional high module carbon frame 1150 g in size M; this carbon frame composed of a rear compact triangle provides good pedalling return reduces the vibrations of the terrain and brakes and enables a lighter weight. The sloping geometry provides more control in technical passages. The integrated headset provides increased rigidity in the steering socket and therefore more control. 

Suspension : Rock Shox Recon Gold TK 100 mm fork 1776 g; Pop-lock on handlebar. Solo Air technology. The negative and positive pneumatic spring chambers are filled simultaneously using a single Schrader valve simplifying the suspension adjustment. Pop-lock on the handlebars enables lockout of the fork to avoid bobbing. The adjustable rebound enables total control of the bike. 

Guarantee : 5 years on frame / 2 years on fork / parts excluding wearable parts. 

Guarantee : 5 Years